ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md

---
title: "tenantStatus resource type"
description: "TenantStatus is a top level entity under networkAccess which represents a tenant status."
author: "Moti-ba"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# tenantStatus resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> TenantStatus is a top level entity under networkAccess which represents a tenant status.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the status of the Global Secure Service for the tenant. 
```

Inherits from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |[Get tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-tenantstatus-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) object.|
> |[Update tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-post-tenantstatus.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) object.|

Reviewer: Only Onboard tenant and Get tenantSatus are supported.
```suggestion
|[Onboard](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-onboard.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md)|Onboard the tenant to the Global Secure Access service.|
|[Get tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-tenantstatus-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) object.|
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |id|String|Id Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |onboardingErrorMessage|String|Reflects a message to the user in case of an error|
> |onboardingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.onboardingStatus|Reflects the tenant onboarding status. The possible values are: `offboarded`, `offboardingInProgress`, `onboardingInProgress`, `onboarded`, `onboardingErrorOccurred`, `offboardingErrorOccurred`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|Identifier. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|onboardingErrorMessage|String|Reflects a message to the user in case of an error.|
|onboardingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.onboardingStatus|Reflects the tenant onboarding status. The possible values are: `offboarded`, `offboardingInProgress`, `onboardingInProgress`, `onboarded`, `onboardingErrorOccurred`, `offboardingErrorOccurred`.|
```

---
title: "tenantStatus resource type"

> description: "TenantStatus is a top level entity under networkAccess which represents a tenant status."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Indicates whether the tenant has onboarded to use the Microsoft Entra Internet Access and Microsoft Entra Private Access features."
```

author: "Moti-ba"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# tenantStatus resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> TenantStatus is a top level entity under networkAccess which represents a tenant status.	

Reviewer: Match with the metadata description.

|:---|:---|:---|
|[List tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-list-tenantstatus.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) collection|Get a list of the [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Create tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-post-tenantstatus.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md)|Create a new [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) object.|
|[Get tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-tenantstatus-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) object.|
|[Update tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-tenantstatus-update.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) object.|

> |[Delete tenantStatus](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-delete-tenantstatus.md)|None|Delete a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tenantStatus](../resources/networkaccess-tenantstatus.md) object.|

Reviewer: - From the API.md, it looks like only GET operation, **onboard** action, and (possibly) **offboard** action are supported. I'm not sure about offboard because it's not in your schema in staging. But that begs the question, how does a customer get to the offboarding** statuses unless there's some way they can offboard?
- Please fix the list and document the related API docs.

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |id|String|Id Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |onboardingErrorMessage|String|Reflects a message to the user in case of an error|
> |onboardingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.onboardingStatus|Reflects the tenant onboarding status. The possible values are: `offboarded`, `offboardingInProgress`, `onboardingInProgress`, `onboarded`, `onboardingErrorOccurred`, `offboardingErrorOccurred`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|Identifier for the status. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|onboardingErrorMessage|String|The error message in case onboarding failed.|
|onboardingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.onboardingStatus|Reflects the tenant onboarding status. The possible values are: `offboarded`, `offboardingInProgress`, `onboardingInProgress`, `onboarded`, `onboardingErrorOccurred`, `offboardingErrorOccurred`.|
```
